these two I don't know I've become
recently single so you know you kept
that off youtube you congratulations you
kept that the start and the end of that
relationship we're both kept off social
media okay I have to say like YouTube
like I've been kind of in my a obviously
but even still like I have people
following me on instagram Facebook
YouTube so like yeah like I don't want
to put anything on there just because I
just don't I don't know I've always been
a private person I don't even like my
personal friends why do they have to
know my business I don't know
so social media you've done videos on
this right like how if you want to stay
like private on your life that you
should maybe YouTube isn't for you okay
this is how he views how this is gonna
go for me I don't know so I think I'm
optimistic though that I'll be able to
keep it separate you're now newly single
and that was leading to an anecdote that
was leaving yeah just like I guess and
just on the same day these two these two
vegan guys they're hitting me up and it
was so strange like we have nothing in
common all it is is the video that's and
that's what they bring up like they were
talking they break the eye so I bring it
up Newsome I'm just like funny like this
isn't going anywhere
you're just soon you gotta decide do you
decide that on a case-by-case basis and
I think that's exactly the question is
we're vegan do we have any other common
ground for relationship for sure
mmm I have had the experience really
only once face to face cuz I don't meet
that many vegans face to face most
vegans I know are through Skype like
this conversation right now but you know
um I've had the experience where I met a
woman who is vegan and when I first met
her she wasn't just plain to me or not
just me she was actually ugly to me no I
met this woman and she was to me and
that said like you know I actually felt
a little bit repulsed by her
and you know she was an ethical vegan
and just after talking to her but she
was she was talking about really
meaningful stuff like activism so in
vegans and I was really looking at her
thinking I could make this work it over
like so you know there's a sense in
which the ethical vegan thing because it
wouldn't be like that if it was just
someone who was like an athlete who was
just vegan for like health reasons or to
be a bodybuilder or something or or a
model but when giant people were ethical
vegans I have actually that experience
where I start to feel attracted them
despite their being ugly not just plain
oh she's not interesting but ugly so you
tell me is that just like an ethical
belief or are we crossing the line from
ethical belief into sexual fetish at
this I actually was just talking to some
vegans the other day and we all agreed
that like oh she's a seven yeah being
vegan it just automatically adds like
two full points let's go and I think and
it's so true like what you just said is
so true like I don't think I've ever met
anyone that I found to be grotesque but
[Laughter]
I'll tell you once I once said this to
my my wife who is now my ex-wife you
haven't heard but you know I remember I
was talking to her once and I said you
know different people find the ten-point
scale offensive like they think it's
like you know politically incorrect I
have a ten-point scale but I said to her
you know what the truth is for me it's
not that I think it's offensive but for
me everyone is either a 10 or a zero and
here's why when you meet someone you
like them whether it's online or in real
life either you are willing to embarrass
yourself to let them know that you're
interested or you're not and that's it
like that's that's really the only
difference if I'm willing to to
embarrass myself to tell you hey I want
to get to know you then you're a 10 and
if you're not even if it's close even if
it's like well I'm kind of interested in
her but somebody told me she has a
boyfriend already
you know if it's anything else there's
no point having five through nine there
is no point either you're willing to
embarrass yourself or you're not so yeah
and um I mean it's it plays out very
differently you know like by email as
opposed to you know in-person
face-to-face but definitely like now in
this last year I've had a lot of
practice with that dance I have I've had
women writing to me like oh so just last
week I had a woman writing to me and in
the first email she didn't just tell me
that she was basically in love with me
from YouTube but she specified like I'm
completely prepared to like take on
responsibility helping you raise your
daughter like I I did not reply I did
not reply I think you know no shade was
like wow a little fast commitment to
help me raise my kid you know right
right so no so that's the point I mean
can't I hate her for that she so for her
you know she's but yeah and it is it's
embarrassing it's it's its voice it's
making you vulnerable to come out and
say hey I like you and maybe you're
gonna reject me and you know there are a
lot of other there are a lot of other
maybes there right but you know but you
you you wanna you want to make it happen
you want to try you want to take that
risk um but yes there are other times
also where women send me emails that are
not flirtatious in any way that are not
admitting why they're right in any way
but you still somehow magically pick up
on the vibe you know but somehow it
seeps it seeps through the prose that
that's why they're writing to you and
that's what's really on their mind even
if they're it's a totally kind of
professional email about other things
and I've I've been able to verify that
because then several stages later in the
conversation I'm able to ask hey you
know from your very first email this is
what I was picking up and they're like
yeah that's true so yeah yeah but yeah I
think that I think that willingness to
be embarrassed I think that's
I think that's what we all need to focus
well you know you're so right about the
vibe thing like it's very subtle thank
you
in my experience I'm impressed to hear
you say that because in my experience
guys they can't pick up on it you know
they're just not picking up what I'm
laying down I find that I have to be
very whoa I have to straight up you late
are you feeling this how young are the
guys so they like 19 or they know
they're like yeah I don't know they're
all older than me so no it's it's a gift
and a curse because if you can pick up
on the vibe then you also know when it's
not there so like you know you know I
lived in Asia for years and years and a
lot of the times in Asia like it's still
true now where I am until home so like I
would be living in Vienna and the
capital city of Laos and there would be
a white woman so a white woman who
either is a corporate job like a lawyer
or might be a white woman who's a
schoolteacher you know but there are
very few white women that's you know
Southeast Asia and a lot of those white
women they would meet me and they would
not be attracted they would not have a
natural vibe with me but I could see
they would do the thinking in their head
and they'd be like this is the only
good-looking healthy single male under
50 who doesn't sleep with prostitutes
who isn't an alcoholic because like
again like when it gets into it these
are like like you may not think that's
what you're looking for in a man but it
is you may not be on your list but I do
it to you you haven't thought it through
that's what you're looking for you know
and and they and they came back to me
and tried you to initiate a relationship
every single time I turn that down
because there wasn't the vibe I could
see that it was not natural for them I
could see they they talked themselves
into it
or they you know they they did the math
and figured out I was the only option
they had in town or the best option they
had so yeah I think that's that's that's
a blessing and a curse because you're
really aware when it's when it's not
there also and probably your life is is
more fun if you if you initiate more
relationship
I hope in your situation though I mean
obviously I think age is playing a part
into it
like I guess especially like with these
wearing what you're describing I don't
like I don't know how many guys your age
are single to begin with like normal
context let alone like in a foreign
country it's just just like I find at my
age especially I I can't even remember
the last time I did it someone even my
age like I always date older just
because at my age the culture like no
one's interested in doing anything
remotely serious it's always like and
maybe we'll go somewhere maybe it well
but I'm certainly not the type of person
who could ever get into something
knowing but it's not gonna last I don't
know it just seems like a lot of
unnecessary heartbreak but it seems to
me like the older you get like the more
like eager people are to settle down to
dispossess or people pretend you know
where people live a lie the guy I knew
who slept with the most women I think of
any man I've ever met he slept the
largest number of women his practice was
simply to lie to women to simply tell
them what they wanted to hear and he
would tell them the next morning or that
night after he'd had sex with them that
it would that it was all a lie that he
had just told me one here and it was I'm
just saying like like anthropologically
it was really interesting to meet him
and hear his perspective yeah that's
totally alien to me I don't lie to
anybody about anything you know and as a
result I have way fewer partners and I'm
cool with that but also like for me
that's that's always been true I had
someone just joking on on livestream
saying like oh like I bet ISIL has like
a lot of like casual flings with these
other vegans after him and so on it's
like no for me always and women pick up
on it and a lot of women pursuing for
that reason like every relationship is
as serious as cancer like every
relationship might as well be a marriage
anyway from the first day you know what
I mean and a lot of the women are after
me that's that's what they want they
want a guy who is super or high
commitment Super Duty
duty and honor obsessed like that's
that's what they're that's what they're
looking for and that's maybe
why they pursue me consciously or
unconsciously whether whether or not
they know it but at the same time that
then means I have to do all the
scrutinizing before the first date
because then on the first date you're
already in a high commitment
relationship which is probably probably
psychologically unhealthy yeah but I
mean you know those other factors it's
funny because like once you're vegan
once vegan becomes your ethnic group
look I never cared about a woman being
Jewish or not but I mean I don't know um
you know do you care if your husband is
you crazy what's that worth compared to
someone who's already vegan right you
know who's not just me but also
Ukrainian and also educated also you
know like all these like I'm just gonna
buy the forty cat or adopt the forty
cats now and call it a day